>> Kyle Simpson: I know it was a lot
to throw at you in this workshop.
I promised you that we were gonna
go deep with this material so
hopefully you feel like
you got a lot to chew on.
I wanna leave you with this last thought.
If, for whatever crazy reason,
you've chosen to make JavaScript
part of your career at this point.
Doesn't it make to sense
to know your JavaScript?
>> Kyle Simpson: Hopefully you feel
empowered now to ask deeper questions
about the code that you're doing.
If nothing else that you get from
this course, I hope what you get
is to have an uncommon level of curiosity
to ask why and how does that work?
And more importantly, once I know how it
works, how do I use it to my advantage?
Following the cargo cult that everybody
else has done, it gets you to some local
maximum but it doesn't really get you
to deep understanding of JavaScript.
I didn't have any magical path to that.
My path to understanding JavaScript was
asking those questions, and asking more
questions, and asking more questions.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's been
an honor to teach this course to you.
I appreciate you all sticking in there and
listening and all the great questions and
interaction.
Thank you for those of you that were
online and stuck around for us.
I just wanna encourage you,
don't let this be the end of your learning
about JavaScript, let it be the beginning.
And if there's anything that I can do
to help you in that path of learning
JavaScript, you have my contact info.
My email's right there in the slides.
Feel free to reach out because
I love helping people.
I get emails all the time from people.
I love to help.
A couple of last little
plugs about myself.
I teach for a living, obviously.
If your company would love to have
me come and teach, if you think that
would be useful, I hope you'll reach
out cuz I love to come and teach.
I fly all over the world all the time,
teaching corporate workshops
like the one we've gone through.
And I'm also working on
an education startup.
A developer education EdTech
startup called DevGo.
It's gonna provide ongoing mentoring in
the workplace for software developers.
If that sounds interesting,
I hope you'll reach out.
Thanks very much for being here.
I appreciate it, and we'll see you again.